Source: Rate My Professor
About: Mark Grinshpon

Comment 1:
I didnt take it seriously. He wasnt all that bad, especially given the rep from some people. I asked him for a rec letter and he kindly accepted. (I got in!) Math is universal too; his thick speech or not, his math was 99% right.

Comment 2:
Unless you are a Demi-god just drop out and change the class. Like someone said I gave him the benefit of the doubt and he grades like I stole his dog and his breakfast every day. Like seriously dude chill. He thinks he can win the Cold War for the soviets by traumatizing students.

Comment 3:
I didn't take this seriously. Math is universal, and with his accent or not, his math was always right. Much respect for him.

Comment 4:
I gave him the benefit of the doubt, and now im balding. Do you hear that? All his past students souls are warning you to change your mind.

Comment 5:
The biggest remark about him is his electronic policy. It's really not that deep, just don't use your cellphone for like an hour and 45 minutes. If you're really itching to use it, just go outside to do it. But brushing past this, he's a funny and "nice" in a way. You'll have to just repeat a lot of problems, and you'll get by.

Comment 6:
Funny prof, study and u will be fine

Comment 7:
Lectures often went overtime, and we were behind in topics. The last topics after series were rushed through right before finals week. A lil stressful. Though, he cares and has a great ability of explaining concepts in an understandable way. The accent is there but it's very easy to understand. Test heavy part is due to the setup of the math dept.

Comment 8:
You know, I haven't had a professor like this in a long time. He carries an air of confidence, which can come off as rude, but I believe it's respectable. Personally, his accent was fairly clear enough to comprehend. The homework assignments were tedious; however, with little to no study, I felt comfortable on the exams he made.

Comment 9:
This guy thinks he's a dictator. Weekly quizzes. NO laptops, NO phones AT ALL. I mean, If you PEAK at your phone, he'll tell you to come to the front and call you out, give you a 0 for attendance, and target you the rest of the semester. Extremely harsh grading. Small mistakes = -10+. Just take another professor they all have accents anyway!!!

Comment 10:
the workload is about 2-3 courses in 1. probably the hardest class I've ever taken, if you're not STEM inclined like me I would pick a different prof. calc2 is already hard and he won't do you any favors no formula sheet but the tests pull from the study guide with numbers changed.

Comment 11:
Literally a good teacher, provided everything at the beginning of the semester, topic notes, extended lecture videos, worksheets, worksheet answer sheets Would update & upload class notes from the lecture after every class Study guides given for the tests Pretty specific in grading but not hella nitpicky either & gives good feedback on tests.
