Source: Rate My Professor
About: Cyntoria Johnson 

Comment 1:
I took her rap on trial class, my favorite class of the semester. She genuinely seems to care about you inside and outside her class. Her lectures were interesting and relevant and she was willing to work with the class to cater what we want out of the class. Only complaint is the quizzes were random and hard but lovedddd herrr. take this class!!

Comment 2:
This professor gave way too many assignments, with up to eight assignments a week. She is a tough grader but gives no feedback so you don't actually know what you are doing wrong on the assignments. Even though she says she will respond in 24-48 hours, it took her two weeks to respond to my email. I would not recommend taking her.

Comment 3:
This professor gave way too many assignments, with up to eight assignments a week. She is a tough grader but gives no feedback so you don't actually know what you are doing wrong on the assignments. Even though she says she will respond in 24-48 hours, it took her two weeks to respond to my email. I would not recommend taking her.

Comment 4:
Disrespectful. Rude. Denies your disabilities even when registered with AACE. Doesn't grade fairly, makes up your grades as she goes. Overall the worse professor I've ever had at GSU, shouldn't even be allowed to teach

Comment 5:
She has a law degree and tells you all the time. Made students feel uncomfortable talking about race. I'm a Black female and even I was like seriously? Never respond to emails. Sloppy grading. Avoided meeting with students like we had a disease. Theres lots of great professors in the GSU criminology dept at GSU but she definitely isn't one of them.
Graded by few things

Comment 6:
Another GSU professor just here to collect their check while uploading years old slides and letting iCollege do her grading. Don't bother emailing she doesn't respond. GSU has the worst instructors I've ever encountered.

Comment 7:
She loves to tell people she is a lawyer and it shows. Doesn't like people asking questions or arguing with her. Also she was never prepared and was more interested in whether you follow the rules than whether you learned anything. Avoid.

Comment 8:
Do not take this professor! Avoid her at all costs. She is very rude and condescending. She does not answer emails and you can tell that she puts 0 effort into this course! She gave me a 0 on an assignment because I missed 1 question, even though I answered all the other questions correctly because she "doesn't accept incomplete work"

Comment 9:
This lady was very hard to communicate with. She was rude and unprofessional and gave unclear instructions. She also seems to be in a bad mood. Shes rude... Stay away

Comment 10:
Very nice and willing to help. Great at feedback. Online course was easy to understand and do assignments. Discussions every week, and quiz every week. Test at the end of every section instead of quiz. I would for sure take her again.

Comment 11:
As long as you do the work you will pass and study all modules for your final. I actually enjoyed this class.
