Source: Reddit
About: Worst Professor Ever

Comment 1:
Valarie miller for Linear Algebra. Just terrible

Comment 2:
Anne pierre goursaud for anatomy 2 , not very fun to be in her class she’s always rushing us to do group work and makes rude comments towards students

Comment 3:
Can’t remember her name but she’s a Russian chemistry professor who hates questions 😂 last day on the final someone asked a question and she immediately snapped and was like “maybe we should go back to the first week of class” She’s definitely knowledgeable but her attitude was the worst.

Comment 4:
Robert Mayberry for PERS 2002. I should’ve reported this man for how egregious and irresponsible he was. Didn’t upload a SINGLE exam grade, nor the final exam grade. I literally had zero clue how I was doing in the class. Got an A by some miracle but Jesus was he awful.

Comment 5:
Baro- the whole class was reporting her to department heads the entire semester.

Comment 6:
The urban studies guy that would lock the door when class started. Circa 1990, probably ded now.
Fyi, No, I was never late, but not because of him, I'm just never late.
Current students, remember you are the boss...

Comment 7:
Robert C. Robertson - Intro to Ethics. Dropped that class the second day. 😂

Comment 8:
Dr rose for English 1101… it got so bad other students were contacting me about her 💀

Comment 9:
Omg Leah franqui English comp teacher. She absolutely loved making student feel dumber and no one ever understood her assignments. Most of the times everyone would get low scores but it was because she was so picky.

Comment 10:
dr cruz (molecular cell bio) 5 years later and i still remember that coked-out ass man clear as day.

Comment 11:
his one professor (this was 2000 level business class) sends me an email saying “no abscesses are excused in her class” Told me I had to write a paper summarizing the lecture they went over and it was supposed to be 4 pages.
Also we had like 4 or so exams and assignments quizzes every single week.